Updated post-survey link and fixed typo in quantum-safe cryptography course (#3707)
Qiskit/documentation: learning/courses/quantum-safe-cryptography/whats-next.mdx

## Post-course survey

> Please take a moment to help us improve our website with a quick [post-course survey](https://your.feedback.ibm.com/jfe/form/SV_d3XWeuV7hEC8Dki). We will use the feedback accordingly to better user experience and provide clearer explanations throughout the course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please take a moment to help us improve our course with a quick [post-course survey](https://your.feedback.ibm.com/jfe/form/SV_d3XWeuV7hEC8Dki). Your feedback will be used to enhance our content offering and user experience. Thank you!
```
